Add GDScript warning pages (#10635)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/scripting/gdscript/warnings/assert_always_false.rst

ASSERT_ALWAYS_FALSE
=======================

The warning message is:

.. code-block:: none

    Assert statement will raise an error because the expression is always false.

The default warning level for this warning is **Warn**.

> To modify it, see :ref:`ProjectSettings.debug/gdscript/warnings/assert_always_false<class_ProjectSettings_property_debug/gdscript/warnings/assert_always_false>`.

Reviewer: Project settings links are styled like this, with setting names in title case as they appear in the editor, separated by `>`. Also "see" should be "set" or "change". "See" is mostly used for pure information reference, but in this case we're telling the reader to change a project setting.

```suggestion
To modify it, set :ref:`Project Settings > Debug > GDScript > Warnings > Assert Always False<class_ProjectSettings_property_debug/gdscript/warnings/assert_always_false>`.
```

(And apply a similar change to all links)

Author: Thanks for the catch, will get that fixed!

When this warning occurs
------------------------

> The :ref:`assert() <class_@GDScript_method_assert>` keyword can be used to ensure that a given condition is met before allowing code execution to continue. If the first argument passed to it is true in a boolean context, the rest of the function will run as expected; if it is false in a boolean context, then the project will stop.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The :ref:`assert() <class_@GDScript_method_assert>` method can be used to ensure that a given condition is met before allowing code execution to continue. If the first argument passed to it is true in a boolean context, the rest of the function will run as expected; if it is false in a boolean context, then the project will stop.
```

ASSERT_ALWAYS_FALSE
=======================

The warning message is:

.. code-block:: none

    Assert statement will raise an error because the expression is always false.

> The default warning level for this warning is **Warn**.

Author: Looks like I can define a series of substitutions like
```rst
.. |default_is_ignore| replace:: The default warning level for this warning is **Ignore**.
.. |default_is_warn| replace:: The default warning level for this warning is **Warn**.
.. |default_is_error| replace:: The default warning level for this warning is **Error**.
```
and then use them (like `|default_is_warn|`) to paste that message in. Automating the ProjectSettings links might take a bit more work, since it involves changing text within the reference link. I would really love to figure out a way to automate this well, since as you pointed out so much of the text is the same.

> The default warning level for this warning is **Warn**.

Reviewer 3: Unless I'm mistaken I don't think this would work across multiple pages so there may still be a need to merge everything into one.

> The default warning level for this warning is **Warn**.

Reviewer: - I wouldn't let this narrow issue of substitutions determine if we make one page or multiple pages for these warnings. (FWIW a page for each warning seems natural to me, and there is prededent with the C# diagnostics, but this is a larger decision and it seems like other reviewers are leaning towards a single page)

- It's likely not worth the effort to automate the class reference links, since that would involve dynamic replacement and IIRC that isn't straightforward with RST substitutions. 

- You can make a substitution accessible from all pages `rst_epilog`, we already use it at least once:
https://github.com/godotengine/godot-docs/blob/6ae63ddd5f294f195ec5be06e4e92294e49cf2c4/conf.py#L289-L298 

However, we *don't* use that for cases like the upgrading pages or the class reference, where *each* page redefines the same substitions:
https://github.com/godotengine/godot-docs/blob/6ae63ddd5f294f195ec5be06e4e92294e49cf2c4/tutorials/migrating/upgrading_to_godot_4.1.rst?plain=1#L211-L213
https://github.com/godotengine/godot-docs/blob/6ae63ddd5f294f195ec5be06e4e92294e49cf2c4/classes/class_aabb.rst?plain=1#L770-L777
There might be a compile time increase when using rst_epilog, which is why it's not used more. I haven't looked closely at this, though. 

There's also `.. include` ([docs](https://docutils.sourceforge.io/docs/ref/rst/directives.html#including-an-external-document-fragment)) which could be used to only include the substitutions on the pages that use it (and therefore reduce compile times if using rst_epilog is too heavy). We don't currently use `.. include`, but it's usage looks relatively straightforward.

(I still have to do a deeper review of the rest of this later)

> The default warning level for this warning is **Warn**.

Author: Using an RST file and `.. include` is how I implemented the test on my end.

`warning_page_substitutions.rst`:
```rst
.. |default_is_ignore| replace:: The default warning level for this warning is **Ignore**.
.. |default_is_warn| replace:: The default warning level for this warning is **Warn**.
.. |default_is_error| replace:: The default warning level for this warning is **Error**.
```

`assert_always_false.rst`:
```rst
ASSERT_ALWAYS_FALSE
=======================

The warning message is:

.. code-block:: none

    Assert statement will raise an error because the expression is always false.

|default_is_warn|
To modify it, see :ref:`ProjectSettings.debug/gdscript/warnings/assert_always_false<class_ProjectSettings_property_debug/gdscript/warnings/assert_always_false>`.

.. include:: warning_page_substitutions.rst
```
With this, we'd only have to edit or translate the sentences once in `warning_page_substitutions.rst` and they'd apply everywhere, which is nice. Dynamic substitution would be very helpful for this, but as you said it sounds like it would be quite involved.

To modify it, see :ref:`ProjectSettings.debug/gdscript/warnings/assert_always_false<class_ProjectSettings_property_debug/gdscript/warnings/assert_always_false>`.

When this warning occurs
------------------------

> The :ref:`assert() <class_@GDScript_method_assert>` keyword can be used to ensure that a given condition is met before allowing code execution to continue. If the first argument passed to it is truthy, the rest of the function will run as expected; if it is falsy, then the project will stop.

Author: As I recall, someone else made the same (or a similar) suggestion a while back, so this is definitely worth revising.
